Update README.md (#178)
pymc-devs/resources: README.md

-  [PyMC3 port of the book "Bayesian Statistical Methods" by Brian J. Reich and Sujit K. Ghosh](https://github.com/pymc-devs/resources/tree/main/BSM)
-  [PyMC3 port of the book "Bayesian Data Analysis" by Andrew Gelman, John B. Carlin, Hal S. Stern, David B. Dunson, Aki Vehtari and Donald B. Rubin](https://github.com/pymc-devs/resources/tree/main/BDA3)

## How to contribute
Thanks wanting to contribute! These resources are a community effort and we, and all future resource users, appreciate your help.

If just starting

> 1. Reading the [contributing guide for pymc](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) is a good place to start. The guide will familiarize you with the high level tools and workflow.

Reviewer: I would use https://docs.pymc.io/en/latest/contributing/index.html instead. The github one should be kept because it is the one that gets linked automatically everywhere on github, but we can write much better guides in the documentation and reduce scatter of content (if contributing points to doc, wiki points to docs... everyone will go to the docs to find whatever they search for, if we do the other way around, from docs point to wiki, from docs point to github... it will have the opposite effect)

Author: Thanks updated

  * Some of the instructions will differ so read the below steps first.
2. In this repo the environments are defined per resource. Look into each directory to find the environment file and use that
3. When ready to contribute open a draft PR stating the scope of work as early as possible. This helps avoid duplicate work early.

> 4. If you have further questions feel free to ask on https://discourse.pymc.io/or open an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you have further questions don't hesitate to ask on https://discourse.pymc.io/.
```

the removing of issue suggestion might be a bit much. I think I haven't even contributed to resources yet and have no idea what dynamics are going on.
